[Autogenerated] awesome.
Welcome back.
Now let's dive into actions and change.
Now Actions and change allows us to perform certain capabilities,
which I'm sure you've guessed Our actions and changes
against our resource is in our accounts.
Now the first capability is automation,
and this is going to simplify our common maintenance in deployment
tasks with regards to easy to in other AWS resource is that we
need to keep up to date or compliant.
The next capability is a maintenance window.
Now a maintenance window allows us to define a schedule or a window.
In other words,
for when we want to perform potentially disruptive actions so
you don't wanna have to patch midday potentially so you can
schedule a maintenance window, maybe overnight,
where your automation kicks in and starts patching all of your instances.
And we'll look at these a little bit deeper here.
Coming up.
The last capability that's here is change calendar,
so this works hand in hand with the maintenance windows,
and these allow us to create date and time ranges for
when actions can or cannot be performed.
So it allows us to create a calendar based schedule on when things can be done
now a change calendar is pretty common in large enterprises,
so this is a very,
very good addition by a ws for any platform or operational teams.
So let's go ahead well in the presentation part of this,
and let's actually dive into the AWS consul again and start working with actions and change.